Add draft abstract (#19)
ExaESM-WP4/JupyterHub-Evaluation-Whitepaper: tex/abstract.tex

\begin{abstract}
Several HPC system operators have started to provide web-based access solutions to HPC compute/storage infrastructure.

> Implementation options are immense and system providers need to consider and strongly need to weigh aspects such as implementation effort/cost, security, maintainability, ... against target user service usability.

Reviewer: Use neutral wording and drop the ellipsis:

```suggestion
Implementation options are immense and system providers need to consider and weigh aspects such as implementation effort / cost, security and maintainability against target user service usability.
```

Thus, services might not turn out to be optimal in supporting user productivity.
Here, scientific user producivity/usability requirements are formulated and existing web-based access solutions to HPC resources are evaluated against these requirements.

> Suggestions are given that are targeted not only at maximizing the productivity of scientific target users, but also at minimizing system provider/administator workload/manual intervention.

Reviewer: Straighten forfulation:

```suggestion
Suggestions are given that are targeted not only at maximizing the productivity of scientific target users, but also at minimizing system administrator workload and manual intervention.
```

> This white paper aims at closing a gap in ... [final words here].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This white paper aims at providing the view of expert users with a focus on data analysis.
```
